fix(curriculum): improve explanation regarding function currying in step 60 (#56166)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-functional-programming-by-building-a-spreadsheet/646d3952f6af37b6a1c241c2.md

# --description--

> Now that your `.map()` function is using the innermost function generated by the curried `addCharacters` function, it can properly iterate over the elements of the `charRange` array, passing each element (a character) as an argument to the function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that your `.map()` function is receiving the returned `num =>  charRange(...).map(...)` function reference from the curried `addCharacters` calls, it will properly iterate over the elements and pass each element as `n` to that function.
```
Per https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/issues/56156#issuecomment-2392571032
